In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl,
with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I've got a secret.
♪ Miraculous, simply the best
♪ Up to the test
when things go wrong
♪ Miraculous, the luckiest
♪ The power of love
always so strong
♪ Miraculous
♪ Miraculous ♪
Ah!
Miss Bustier,
may I go to the nurse's office?
‐ Miss Hedy is back!
‐ We can't leave her unattended!
Marinette, would you accompany
Rose to see the nurse?
‐ Marinette?
‐ Aaah! Yes, of course!
So, who's Miss Hedy?
An imaginary friend,
like Unicorn Lili
you had in sixth grade?
No... uh....
Hedy is just the nickname
I have for my headache
when she pays me a visit.
That'll teach me to leave
the house without Mr Brekkie!
Wakey wakey, I'm Mr Brekkie,
the big breakfast
to keep you healthy!
I love how you see the world
through "Rose" coloured glasses!
And come back as soon as
you can! Say hi to Sissi for me.
‐ Sissi?
‐ Nur‐sissi's office!
Don't worry, Marinette,
"Sissi" never keeps me long.
Everything's OK, Rose
just missed breakfast, is all.
What?
Juleka, if you skip Mr Mealy,
your big, tasty,
energy‐packed lunch,
Hedy might pay you a visit too!
‐
‐ Juleka?
I was just trying
to make a joke. No! Juleka!
Juleka!
Oh, how well I know
that feeling of loneliness,
the intense anxiety
that no one else can share,
and that only an akuma can ease.
Fly, and evilise
that lonely heart.
Juleka!
Aaah!
Oh, excuse you, Adri‐me,
I didn't mean to crush on you.
I mean, crash into you!
Marinette,
this is no time for nonsense!
I'm looking for Juleka.
She ran out of the cafeteria
in tears and ‐‐
Maybe she's in there.
Aaah!
Ah, sorry! I'm just so lovesick!
I mean, uh, worried sick
about Juleka! That's why I'm
so flustered and klutzy and...
I'm such a fool.
I don't know
if I upset her earlier.
What you say doesn't always
make sense, but it's never mean.
There's got to be some other
reason. Come on, let's find her.
Stay back. And not a sound, OK?
I'll handle it.
Juleka, is everything OK?
‐ I just want to be alone.
‐ You want to be alone?
I understand. Oh!
‐ It's OK!
‐ They found Juleka!
‐ She's in the boiler room!
‐ The boiler room?
I'm so sorry. I really am
the worst class rep ever.
But I don't get it, did I say
something that upset you?
It's not you, it's Rose.
‐ What do you mean, Rose?
‐ I'm worried about her.
Oh, no, don't worry, she's fine.
She's just resting
in the nurse's office.
Juleka, you know you can tell us
anything. We're your friends.
I promise
we won't tell anyone else.
Rose isn't
in the nurse's office?
‐ She's in the hospital?
‐ Yeah, she is.
Why is she in the hospital?
She was sick
when she was a little girl.
when she was little?
‐ But it's over now, right?
‐ It can come back any time.
‐ It can come back any time?
‐ But she's always so cheerful.
‐ We would've never guessed.
‐ She made me promise
‐ not to tell you guys.
‐ Oh, of course,
she made you promise.
Please don't tell her
I said anything.
Don't worry, Juleka,
we won't treat her differently.
Rose will never know
that you told us!
I'm re‐programming
my conversational software
as we speak in order to avoid
any future reference to this.
Even if I get bitten
by a zombie dolphin
who takes control of my brain,
I won't say a thing. Never ever!
Don't feel bad about telling us.
You hung on to that
as long as you could,
but it was just too heavy
to bear alone.
‐ Thank you.
‐ That's what friends are for!
Rose trusts you, and you can
trust us. We won't say anything,
but now we can help you
if you need.
Impossible! How could
such an abyss of loneliness
and despair simply vanish?
Good morning!
I told you
everything was all right.
‐ Hi, Juleka! Hi, Rose!
‐ Hi!
‐ Hi there, girls!
Oh! I love you, Rose!
I don't say it enough!
Uh, I love you, too, Marinette!
Rose! You're our sunshine
here at school!
The student population's good
mood rises 95% in your presence.
Correct, Markov!
You put the "happy"
into our mix‐tape of life!
You guys mean so much to me,
too, and you're right,
we never
say it to each other enough!
Oh, what an awesome way
to start the day!
Oh...
Thank you, but it's not
that heavy, you know?
Uh, carrying your bags
helps me build my muscles!
Thank you!
These chairs
are so uncomfortable
I decided to make one
for everyone
and, lucky you, you just happen
to be the first to get one!
Thank you?
Don't worry, I shall transcribe
all the classes for you,
so you no longer tire yourself!
Thank you, but I actually like
writing my own notes for class!
Oh, you guys can go ahead of me!
Let Rose through!
Everyone out of the way
and let Rose through.
Uh... 'cause it would
make me very happy?
Huh?
I get the feeling you need to
tell me something, am I right?
Mmm‐hmm.
Come with me.
‐ I told them about you.
‐ You told them?
Oh, no! they'll never act normal
around me ever again!
‐
‐ Jul, this is all my fault.
I should never
have told you my secret.
I make you worry about me
all of the time...
Hey! You know what? No big deal!
I'm going to take care of this!
I should've told them
a long time ago.
I'll just explain everything,
and it'll go back to how it was!
We were worried. You've been
in there 4 minutes, 47 seconds.
People usually spend an average
of 3 minutes, 24 seconds.
I was about to tear
the door off its hinges!
I was ready to dive in
and save you!
I see how worried I've made you.
Please forgive me. If I never
told you about my illness,
it's because it's not
my problems that matter,
but the way I get through them
that counts
and how do I get
through them each day?
By giving them all
cute little nicknames?
By always being supreme.
By always singing
just a bit too loud?
Exactly! And I always
want to be that Rose!
I don't want you
to see me differently.
I want you to just laugh
and have a great time with me,
not carry my book bag
or embroidered cushions,
or worry every time
I go to the bathroom.
I don't want you
to feel sorry for me,
because no one is
happier than I am, OK?
No more embroidered cushions,
I promise!
No more muscle building!
No more extraneous
displays of affection!
Oh, well, I kinda like
the displays of affection.
‐ Aw!
See? I told you
everything would be all right!
Today, we're going to study
viruses, germs, bacteria
and all the terrible illnesses
caused by them!
‐ Atchoo!
‐
Quick! Call her parents!
Hurry up! Put these on!
I can't get hold of them!
‐ Nino, call an ambulance!
‐ Marinette?
Alix, call the fire department!
Stop it!
You guys promised!
I'm sorry.
Oh, no, Juleka! Wait!
Even stronger
than a painful secret,
and more painful
than the anguish of solitude
is the guilt of the girl
who betrayed her dearest friend.
It digs a bottomless pit
into her heart.
Fly away my little akuma,
and take this amok with you.
Juleka! Juleka! I'm sorry!
This is all my fault. Open up!
This is all my fault!
I'm so sorry.
Everyone feels guilty
'cause of me.
Oh, no, Juleka! No one
feels guilty because of you!
Juleka!
Juleka, talk to me! Juleka!
Reflekta, I am Shadow Moth.
Why let yourself be eaten up by
such intense feelings of guilt,
when you can turn them
against all of those
who didn't keep their word?
Jul, please, resist!
Don't listen to him!
Hang on, I'll be right back!
Your Sentimonster Guiltrip
is perfect.
All who have broken promises and
are ruining your friend's life
will take the guilt trip
of a lifetime!
The first
to plead guilty is me.
No! Wait!
Juleka is about to become
a villain! Somebody help!
I am a science teacher,
not a superhero.
Everyone remain seated and...
Plagg, claws out!
Tikki, spots on!
What on earth is that?
Aaah!
‐ I'll save you!
‐ Everybody, get back to class!
Aaah!
Don't worry, Juleka!
I'm going to save you!
Hang on,
we'll get you somewhere safe!
Juleka is in there, and I'm not
gonna let her be all alone!
No! Looks like we're gonna do
a little cave exploration.
Hang on tight!
The air flow is too strong!
I can't hold back anymore!
Aaah!
Yes! Ladybug, Cat Noir, you just
dove head first into my trap!
And you'll never escape from it.
Your Miraculous are mine!
Aaah!
Wow! It's way cooler
in here than on the outside!
I don't know.
I have this strange feeling.
Look out!
It's like being inside
a giant pinball machine!
Yeah, but I think
it's in multi‐ball mode!
Everyone got captured
because of me.
‐ What's wrong with him?
‐ Everyone got captured...
Is it me or did he
just turn into Reflekta?
She must have been re‐akumatized
by Shadow Moth and that thing.
Is her Sentimonster!
We've gotta find out
where Reflekta is hiding.
Stay on your guard.
I never should have let them
leave the classroom.
It's contaminating everyone
with its purple balls.
It won't be easy
finding the real Reflekta.
If I'd worn my competition
swimsuit, I'd have been faster!
I never should have
let go of Ivans' hand!
They all look the same, but they
still have their own voices!
I can't even help my best bud
face up to his old man.
Oh, Nino!
This is all our fault.
If we'd stopped Shadow Moth,
they wouldn't be in this trap!
Oh, no! This can't be happening!
Not now!
Cataclysm!
Cat Noir! No! If we get turned
into Reflekta and frozen,
Shadow Moth
will take our Miraculous!
We should just give him
our Miraculous.
You're right, kitty cat.
How could I ever believe
we could take on
such a powerful Sentimonster
by ourselves?
Ladybug! Cat Noir!
You guys are totally the best!
I knew you'd come to save us!
I'm sorry you had to come.
It's all my fault.
I'm not a good friend.
I should have never
told Juleka my secret.
No! I must not think like that!
Yes, I'm glad I did! That's what
made us closer and stronger!
Oh! Of course!
She's fighting her negative
thoughts with positive thinking!
It stops her
from turning into Reflekta!
We must do the same!
Cat Noir! You can do this.
Think positive! You're
the greatest partner ever!
Ladybug?
Do you really mean that?
Yes, I probably don't
tell you this enough,
but I couldn't
do this without you
and it'd be a lot less fun, too!
Why, that's a meow‐rvellous
thing to say!
And you're just about
purr‐fect yourself, Milady!
Ha, ha! Nice to have you back,
kitty cat!
You really think we'll be able
to get out of this one?
Of course! Don't forget that
I still have my... lucky charm!
Oh, yeah, an ice axe, of course!
An ice axe to... uh...
You don't know
what to do with it?
Of course I do. I'm just
keeping you in suspense!
I could try using my cataclysm,
but sending a Sentimonster
out of control
when you're inside it...
probably isn't the best idea,
huh?
Nope, it's not.
Ugh! All this negativity
is messing with my brain!
Go, Ladybug! Go, Cat Noir!
You're the best!
You're going to save Juleka,
'cause I totally believe in you!
Yes, but we need
more positivity to do that!
I know just the person
who can help us!
Rose Lavillant, here is
the Miraculous of the Pig,
which grants the power
of Jubilation!
You will use it
for the greater good.
Wow! It's so beautiful!
‐ Whoa! You're so cute!
‐ What's your name?
‐ My name's Daizzi,
‐ and I'm your kwami.
‐ They'll give you your powers.
You just have to recite
these words,"Daizzi, rejoice!"
Daizzi, rejoice!
Wow!
‐ Cat Noir, may I introduce...
‐ Piggella!
Wow! Looks like
you've found a solution!
I told you, think positive!
I can't wait
to see her in action!
Come on! Let's go!
Because of me,
everyone feels guilty.
Rose, Marinette,
Adrien, Ivan, Mylène.
Because of me,
everyone feels guilty.
Rose, Marinette,
Adrien, Ivan, Mylène.
Because of me,
everyone feels guilty.
‐ Juleka!
‐ Rose, Marinette, Adrien,
Ivan, Mylène. Because of me,
everyone feels guilty.
Rose, Marinette,
Adrien, Ivan, Mylène.
Because of me,
everyone feels guilty.
Gift!
Uh, that's a superpower?
Piggella 's power
shows the person it affects
their heart's greatest desire.
A normal day in class,
where everyone just
acts normal to Rose! That's it!
That's Juleka's greatest wish.
‐ Wow! Impressive!
‐ The power of positivity!
We don't always need
a fight to succeed!
Gotcha!
Bye‐bye, little butterfly!
‐ What happened?
‐ Everything's all right now.
I'm Piggella. Ladybug, Cat Noir
and I have come to save you.
Uh, the Sentimonster and its
buddies don't seem very happy.
Reflekta isn't here
to control them!
Quick, where's the object
the amok went into?
‐ The feather?
‐ In the trash.
You threw it in the trash?
You can tell yourself
all the lies you want.
You can't escape the bottomless
pit of your guilt!
Yes, you can!
‐ Just change the music!
‐ Great job, Piggella!
It's not the problems,
but how you get through them!
We gotta get out of here fast!
Aaah! The wind is too strong!
We won't get out this way!
‐ I guess we're all out of luck!
‐ Luck? Of course!
That's what this is for!
Got it!
Time to de‐evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye‐bye, little feather!
You may have won the day
with your positivity this time,
but you can count on me
to fill the rest of your days
with negativity
sooner than you know.
Pound it!
Juleka, this is a magical charm.
It'll protect you from becoming
a victim of Shadow Moth again.
Miraculous Ladybug!
‐
‐ Juleka!
Thank you, Ladybug.
Thank you for saving Juleka!
Aren't you gonna get
your Miraculous back, Milady?
She already did!
That girl is truly incredible!
She never needed a Miraculous
to be a superhero.
I'm taking my present back.
You'll have to wait until your
birthday, like everyone else!
Oh, come on, guys,
she's not made out of glass!
Oh, no! I'm gonna
pass out from laughter,
so someone take me
to the nurse's office!
Hey! How come you never laugh
when I say something mean?
‐ Because you actually mean it.
‐ Huh! True!
It feels great to have you back,
guys! Please, don't ever change!